moreover the word of the Lord came to me
saying son of man set your face against
Mount Seir
and prophesy against it and say to it
thus says the Lord God behold Oh Mount
Seir I am against you I will stretch out
my hand against you and make you most
desolate I shall lay your cities waste
and you shall be desolate then you shall
know that I am the Lord because you have
had an ancient hatred and have shed the
blood of the children of Israel by the
power of the sword at the time of their
calamity when their iniquity came to an
end therefore as I live says the Lord
God I will prepare you for blood and
blood shall pursue you since you have
not hated blood therefore blood shall
pursue you thus I will make mouse ear
most desolate and cut off from it the
one who leaves and the one who returns
and I will fill its mountains with the
slain on your hills and in your valleys
and in all your ravines those who are
slain by the sword shall fall
I will make you perpetually desolate and
your cities shall be uninhabited then
you shall know that I am the Lord
because you have said these two nations
and these two countries shall be mine
and we will possess them although the
Lord was there therefore as I live says
the Lord God I will do according to your
anger and according to the envy which
you showed in your hatred again
and I will make myself known among them
when I judge you then you shall know
that I am I have heard all your
blasphemies which you have spoken
against the mountains of Israel saying
they are desolate they are given to us
to consume thus with your mouth you have
boasted against me and multiplied your
words against me I have planted the
whole earth will rejoice when I make you
desolate as you rejoiced because the
inheritance of the house of Israel was
desolate so I will do to you you shall
be desolate Omar seein as well as all of
Edom all of it then they shall know that
I am